Add doc for pubsub rabbitmq exchage kind (#2207)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-rabbitmq.md

{{< /tabs >}}

## Use topic exchange to route messages

> Setting `exchangeKind` to `"topic"` will use the topic exchanges, which are commonly used for the multicast routing of messages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `exchangeKind` to `"topic"` uses the topic exchanges, which are commonly used for the multicast routing of messages. 
```

Author: Done.

> Messages with routing key will be routed to one or many queues based on the routing key defined in the netadata when subscribing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Messages with a `routing key` will be routed to one or many queues based on the `routing key` defined in the metadata when subscribing.
```

Reviewer: Where is the routing key defined? I Could not find this? Can you put a comment on where/how to set the routing key?

Author: Done.

> Routing key is defined by the `routingKey` metadata. For example, if app configured with routing key `keya`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The routing key is defined by the `routingKey` metadata. For example, if an app is configured with a routing key named `keyA`:
```

Author: Done.

```
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: order_pub_sub
spec:
  topic: B
  route: /B
  pubsubname: pubsub
  metadata:
    routingKey: keya
```

> will receive messages with routing key `keya`, and messages with other routing key will not be received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will receive messages with routing key `keyA`, and messages with other routing keys are not received.
```

Author: Done.

```

> // publish messages with routing key `keya`, and this will be received by the above example app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// publish messages with routing key `keyA`, and these will be received by the above example.
```

Author: Done.

> client.PublishEvent(context.Background(), "pubsub", "B", []byte("this is a message"), dapr.PublishEventWithMetadata(map[string]string{"routingKey": "keya"}))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client.PublishEvent(context.Background(), "pubsub", "B", []byte("this is a message"), dapr.PublishEventWithMetadata(map[string]string{"routingKey": "keyA"}))
```

Author: Done.

> // publish messages with routing key `keyb`, and this will not be received by the above example app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// publish messages with routing key `keyB`, and this will not be received by the above example app.
```

Author: Done.

> client.PublishEvent(context.Background(), "pubsub", "B", []byte("this is another message"), dapr.PublishEventWithMetadata(map[string]string{"routingKey": "keyb"}))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client.PublishEvent(context.Background(), "pubsub", "B", []byte("this is another message"), dapr.PublishEventWithMetadata(map[string]string{"routingKey": "keyB"}))
```

Author: Done.
